.TH "libpreludedb-config" 1 "2 May 2016"
.SH NAME
libpreludedb\-config \- helper script for building with libpreludedb
.LP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B libpreludedb\-config
[options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B libpreludedb\-config
is a simple shell script used to determine the compiler and linker flags that
should be used to compile and link programs that use the libpreludedb library.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 15
.PD 0
.B \-\-prefix
If specified, use dir instead of the installation prefix that the library was
built with, when computing the output for the
.B \-\-cflags
and
.B \-\-libs
options.
This option must be specified before any
.B \-\-libs
or
.B \-\-cflags
options. This
option is also used for the exec prefix if the
.B \-\-exec-prefix
option is not specified.
.TP
.PD 0
.B \-\-exec\-prefix
If specified, use dir instead of the exec installation prefix that the library
was built with, when computing the output for the
.B \-\-cflags
and
.B \-\-libs
options. This option must be specified before any
.B \-\-libs
or
.B \-\-cflags
options.
.TP
.PD 0
.B \-\-version
Print the currently installed version of the library on the standard output.
.TP
.PD 0
.B \-\-thread
If specified, add the thread library used by libpreludedb to the
.B \-\-libs
or
.B \-\-cflags
options.
.TP
.PD 0
.B \-\-libs
Print the linker flags that are necessary to link with the specified library.
.TP
.PD 0
.B \-\-ldflags
Print the LDflags that are necessary to compile a program using the specified
library.
.TP
.PD 0
.B \-\-cflags
Print the compiler flags that are necessary to compile a program using the
specified library.
.TP
.PD 0
.B \-\-plugin\-dir
Print the directory where libpreludedb plugins are installed.
.SH AUTHOR
This man page has been written by CS-SI
