.TH Prelude "1" "June 2012" "preludedb-admin" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
preludedb-admin \- tool to copy, move, delete, save or restore a prelude database
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B preludedb-admin
\fIcopy|move|delete|load|save\fR \fIarguments\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Add any additional description here
.PP
preludedb-admin can be used to copy, move, delete, save or restore a prelude
database, partly or in whole, while preserving IDMEF data consistency.
.PP
Mandatory arguments
.TP
\fBcopy\fR
Make a copy of a Prelude database to another database.
.TP
\fBdelete\fR
Delete content of a Prelude database.
.TP
\fBload\fR
Load a Prelude database from a file.
.TP
\fBmove\fR
Move content of a Prelude database to another database.
.TP
\fBsave\fR
Save a Prelude database to a file.
.PP
Running a command without providing arguments will display a detailed help.
.SH EXAMPLES
Obtaining help on a specific command:

.RS
.nf
# preludedb-admin save
Usage  : save <alert|heartbeat> <database> <filename> [options]
Example: preludedb-admin save alert "type=mysql name=dbname user=prelude" outputfile

Save messages from <database> into [filename].
If no filename argument is provided, data will be written to standard output.

Database arguments:
  type  : Type of database (mysql/pgsql).
  name  : Name of the database.
  user  : User to access the database.
  pass  : Password to access the database.

Valid options:
  --offset <offset>               : Skip processing until 'offset' events.
  --count <count>                 : Process at most count events.
  --query-logging [filename]      : Log SQL query to the specified file.
  --criteria <criteria>           : Only process events matching criteria.
  --events-per-transaction        : Maximum number of event to process per transaction (default 1000).
.fi
.RE

Preludedb-admin can be useful to delete events from a prelude database :

.RS
.nf
preludedb-admin delete alert --criteria <criteria> "type=<mysql> name=<dbname> user=<prelude-user> pass=<pass>"
.fi
.RE

where \fIcriteria\fR is an IDMEF criteria :

.RS
.nf
preludedb-admin delete alert --criteria "alert.classification.text == 'UDP packet dropped'" "type=mysql name=prelude user=prelude-user pass=prelude-pass"
.fi
.RE

This will delete all event with the classification text "UDP packet dropped" from the database.
.SH SEE ALSO
The Prelude Handbook: \fIhttps://www.prelude-siem.org/projects/prelude/wiki/ManualUser\fR
.P
Prelude homepage: \fIhttp://www.prelude-siem.com/\fR
.P
Creating filter using IDMEF Criteria: \fIhttps://www.prelude-siem.org/projects/prelude/wiki/IDMEFCriteria\fR
.P
Prelude IDMEF Path: \fIhttps://www.prelude-siem.org/projects/prelude/wiki/IDMEFPath\fR
.SH BUGS
To report a bug, please visit \fIhttps://www.prelude-siem.org/\fR
.SH AUTHOR
This manpage was Written by Pierre Chifflier.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2006-2018 CS-SI.
.br
This is free software.  You may redistribute copies of it under the terms of
the GNU General Public License <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
